{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue10;\red0\green0\blue0;\red253\green128\blue8;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c99942\c98555\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c57637\c0;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13500\viewh11620\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. What is the difference between a source file and an object file?\
Source has human readable code and object file is machine code that compiler creates from the source file\
\
2. What characters are used to mark comments in a C++ program?\
/* */\
\
3. In an #include line, the name of the library header file can be enclosed in either angle brackets of double quotation marks. What is the difference between the two forms of punctuation?\
Angle brackets is system library, double quotation is an external library\
\
4. How would you define a constant called CENTIMETERS_PER_INCH with the value 2.54?\
double constant CENTIMETERS_PER_INCH = 2.54;\
\
5. What is the name of the function that must be defined in every C++ program?\
main\
\
6. What is the purpose of inserting endl into the output stream cout?\
Ending line\
\
\cb2 7. What four properties are established when you declare a variable?\
\cb1 Name, type, lifetime and scope\
8. Indicate which of the following are legal variable names in C++:\
OK a.x\
OK b. formula1\
c. average_rainfall d. %correct\
e. short\
f. tiny\
g. total output\
h. aReasonablyLongVariableName i. 12MonthTotal\
OK j. marginal-cost\
OK k. b4hand\
OK l. _stk_depth\
\
\cb2 9. What are the two attributes that define a data type?\
\cb1 Name and value\
\
10. What is the difference between the types short, int, and long?\
Amount of numbers each can hold.\
\
11. What does ASCII stand for?\
American Standard Code for Information Interchange\
\
12. List all possible values of type bool.\
True or false\
\
13. What statements would you include in a program to read a value from the user and store it in the variable x, which is declared as a double?\
\cb3 double x = getDouble();\
\cb1 \
14. Suppose that a function contains the following declarations:\
          int i;\
          double d;\
          char c;\
          string s;\
Write a statement that displays the values of each of these variables on the screen.\
cout << \'93I is \'93 << I << \'93 and d is \'93 << d << endl;\
\
15. Indicate the values and types of the following expressions:\
a. 2 + 3 	int a = 5;\
b. 19 / 5 	int b = 3;\
c. 19.0 / 5	double c = 3.8;\
d. 3 * 6.0 	double d = 18.0;\
e. 19 % 5 	int e = 4;\
f. 2 % 7	int f = 2;\
\
16. What is the difference between the unary minus and the binary subtraction operator?\
\cb4 Unary minus represents a negative value, and substraction performs an operation between two values\
\cb1 \
17. What does the term truncation mean?\
\
18. Calculate the result of each of the following expressions:\
4 a. 6+5/4- 3\
2 b. 2 + 2 * (2 * 2 - 2) % 2 / 2\
42 c. 10 + 9 * ((8 + 7) % 6) + 5 * 4 % 3 * 2 + 1\
42 d. 1 + 2 + (3 + 4) * ((5 * 6 % 7 * 8) - 9) - 10\
\
\cb2 19. How do you specify a shorthand assignment operation?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
variable op
\f2\i0\b = 
\f1\i\b0 expression
\f2\i0\b ; 
\f1\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
20. What is the difference between the expressions ++x and x++?\
\cb4 None\cb1 \
\
21. What does the term short-circuit evaluation mean?\
As soon as the condition is met, loop returns result\
\
22. Write out the general syntactic form for each of the following control statements:\
if, switch, while, for.\
If (condition) \{\
\'85\
\}\
else return\
\
switch (n)\
Case 1: \'85;\
Case 2: \'85;\
break;\
\
while (condition) \{\
\'85\
\} \
\
for (i = o ; i < n; i++) \{\
\'85\
\}\
  \
\
23. Describe in English the general operation of the switch statement.\
receives a value as a int or char and looks for a case described as the value received, then performs an operation, if it doesn\'92t find one case that is the same as the value received it skips to the end.\
 \
24. What is a sentinel?\
It is a pre defined value that acts as a stopper for a sequence inside a loop\
\
25. What for loop control line would you use in each of the following situations?\
a. Counting from 1 to 100\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 for (i = 0; i <= 100; i-+)  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 b. Counting by sevens starting at 0 until the number has more than two digits\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 for (i = 0; i < 100; i+7)  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 c. Counting backward by twos from 100 to 0\
for (i = 100; i == 0; i-2)  \
\
\cb3 26. What is a function prototype?\
\cb1 Before you use a function you must declared it using a prototype, which contains type of value, name of function and is recommended for readability that also includes the parameters to be passed inside brackets plus a semi colon.\
\
27. In your own words, describe what happens when you call a function in C++.\
Computer uses memory to pass variables as values that will be used to perform operations and return a value back to calling function object\
\
28. What is meant by the term stepwise refinement?\
Decompose problems top to bottom}